hey what's up everyone this is my newest
enclosure it's for my 20 gallon long and
before I go any further this is for a
bearded dragon that I will get from
badass beauties and fat fibs I am
completely like loving their stuff I'm
thinking about either getting a baby
rainbow bearded dragon or I forgot the
name of it but it's like a trans
something citrus thing it's awesome I
can't remember the name because its
pretty long but it looks totally amazing
that I will be getting one of their
beardies at one of the next stroke shows
and I'm so happy so shout out to them
everybody go subscribe to them their
channel is like right there in that
corner so go subscribe to them please
they sent me a free t-shirt I'm helping
them out I made them a custom background
for their YouTube channel and yeah
everyone goes subscribe to them they are
awesome they have lots of pixie frogs
pac-man frogs fantasy frogs sometimes
budgets frogs and lots of different
types of bearded dragons so again it's
fat fibs ph 80 fibs and then badass
beardies so yeah go subscribe to them
it's awesome but anyways back to this
this is a custom enclosure that I made
with my expanding foam excavator
technique and because my dad threw away
all of my excavator I
I kind of improvise with some what's it
called grout and sand so now it still
has the same texture and it's also a
little bit harder so that's pretty cool
and if you don't get it to stick you can
also once you have it onto the foam you
can put like a plastic lid on top and
then just get a humidifier and stick it
in here and that like makes it stick on
but anyways back to the enclosure and
it's awesome I have a plant right there
and plant right there and a plant right
there so three plants and then this is
the basking area it's made out of foam
and then I hollowed out the foam it's
floral foam by the way i hollowed out
the foam so that i could put stuff in it
so i put three layers of tile in there
and then I covered it with a mixture of
grout and mortar to secure it and also
added some of the substrate in there
also for the substrate i'm using crushed
English walnut shells I've heard they're
really good pre breaded dragons and
they're also safe if they eat it so
that's really good and it also looks
really nice so that's the enclosure and
something different about this one is
that I can see inside if its hiding or
anything like that so that's also really
cool and the best part about this is
that i made this part removable
Oh made it removable so you can take it
out if you want to reach in and get the
bearded dragon so that's really cool
that's kind of the main reason why I
made it like this but I'll need two
hands to get it back in that's what she
said but yeah anyways go subscribe to
them please they are awesome another
video in the top left corner okie dokie
subscribe to them subscribe to them
please oh that was awkward